Walkthroughs implementation (#1698)
Microsoft/vscode-react-native: README.md

|`isRNTNetworkInspectorRunning` - true if the Network inspector is running|Network inspector|

Using these context variables you can assign the same keyboard combination for some pair commands for more convenient use. For example, you can configure the same key bindings for `Start Packager` and `Stop Packager` commands using `when` clauses, as shown below:
![image](resources/images/custom-keybindings.png)

# Element inspector

> With the help of the [`react-devtools`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-devtools) package and this extension, you can conveniently explore and work with the DOM-tree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the extension you can run React DevTools Element inspector to inspect the DOM-tree of your application.
It's required to install the [`react-devtools`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-devtools) package globally to run React DevTools from the extension.
\```
npm install -g react-devtools
\```
```

### Integration with React Native Inspector

You can open the in-app developer menu and choose "Show Inspector". It will bring up an overlay that lets you tap on any UI element and see information about it:

![Element inspector usage](media\element-inspector-usage.gif)

> Using the command of Command Palette `reactNative.command.runInspector` you can launch DevTools. Inspector will enter a special collapsed mode, and instead use the DevTools as primary UI. In this mode, clicking on something in the simulator will bring up the relevant components in the DevTools:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the `Run Element Inspector` Command Palette command you can launch DevTools in the extension. Inspector will enter a special collapsed mode, and use the DevTools as primary UI. In this mode, clicking on something in the simulator will bring up the relevant components in the DevTools:
```
